Srini (117) | 8/5/2012 8:45:08 PM
Nice review Srivathsa. But I must confess the movie is a little let down and little over-rated just because its a Nolan movie. I felt its yet another movie with lots of loopholes and silly elements (like jumping the well scene). Sorry for debating here, but thats what we do right!! :)

Belkis | 10/2/2012 10:14:55 PM
I totally agree with your very posivite review. I also thought the film wasn't perfect, but then no film ever is. I thought all the little flaws in the film highlights just how great a filmmaking feat nolan was able to accomplish with Inception. These are flaws that would never even be mentioned with other films, but there's so little to gripe or even criticize Nolan and com.'s work in this film that we're scrambling to find something to criticize. The film wasn't even too complex to follow and reminded me how much he has grown as a storyteller since The Prestige which this film owes much of it's story structure with. Inception is pretty much a heist film/magic trick wrapped around one man's mysterious past. I've spoken with a few people about the very look of the dream world Nolan decided upon and while I understand their disappointment that it didn't resemble something like out of The Lovely Bones, What Dreams May Come or even Tarsem's own The Cell, the film's early narrative makes it known that we really don't know a dream is a dream until we've woken up and until then what we dream about is as real as reality that we know. Yes, that heady stuff and only just the tip of the iceberg. I will disagree with you two on the subject that Nolan has created a filmography where he makes a film for the masses then makes one for himself. I think all his films have been for the masses since The Following. Memento was an arthouse indie, but through word of mouth even the masses embraced it. His two Batman films have blockbuster written all over it, but they also share some very arthouse qualities of Nolan's other films. I think with Inception it's become more pronounced that he's making a film not just for the cineaste but also one that's accessible for the casual audience. Inception and how well it's turned out makes me really curious as to how his third Batman will turn out.
